DOC-3132: Preview Dialog incorrectly opened anchor links in a new tab. (#3593)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.7.0-release-notes.adoc

{productname} {release-version} also includes the following bug fix<es>:

=== Preview Dialog incorrectly opened anchor links in a new tab.
// #TINY-11740

> In previous versions of {productname}, an issue was identified in dialogs (e.g., Preview) where anchor links behaved inconsistently when clicked in the editor.

Reviewer: Can we remove the comma from: `e.g., Preview`?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In earlier versions of {productname}, an issue was identified in dialogs like the Preview dialog, where anchor links behaved inconsistently when clicked within the editor.
```
